[DOCU-2759] Updated Service Hub Overview & Service Overview (#5010)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/servicehub/service-documentation.md

## Service descriptions

You can provide extended descriptions of your services with a Markdown (`.md`) file. The contents of this file will be displayed as the introduction to your API in the Dev Portal. Service descriptions can be any markdown document that describes your service: 

* Release notes
* Support and SLA 
* Business context and use cases
* Deployment workflows

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/docs/konnect/konnect_service_docs_description.png" />
</p>

All service descriptions are managed from the **Documentation** section in the service overview. Once you've uploaded the markdown file, you have a preview of how it will render, the option to edit, and a view of the publication status. You can also create a hierarchy between the docs you upload that will be reflected in the way they're displayed in the Dev Portal.

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be useful for customers to see this visually, so could we add screenshots depicting multiple documents, their hierarchy, and the ability to move them around and switch up the hierarchy?

Reviewer 2: @mptap, thanks for the suggestion, but we're only using screenshots in a limited capacity in the docs, not meant to replace seeing all functionality live in the product.

## API specification

API specifications, or specs, can be uploaded and attached to a specific version within your Dev Portal.
You can have different API specs that correspond to different service versions.
{{site.konnect_short_name}} accepts OpenAPI (Swagger) specs in YAML or JSON.

<p align="center">

>   <img src="/assets/images/docs/konnect/konnect_service_docs_spec_edit.png" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="/assets/images/docs/konnect/konnect_service_docs_spec.png" />
```

Reviewer 2: swapping for better screenshot, thanks @kaiarrowood

</p>

> Once you've uploaded the spec, you can also preview the way the spec will render, including the methods available, endpoint descriptions, and example values. You'll also see the publication status. 

Reviewer: It would be nice to also call out we support the ability to Filter by tag in Full Page View.

> Once you've uploaded the spec, you can also preview the way the spec will render, including the methods available, endpoint descriptions, and example values. You'll also see the publication status. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've uploaded the spec, you can also preview the way the spec will render, including the methods available, endpoint descriptions, and example values. You'll also be able to filter by tag when in full-page view. 
```
